deleteContext fix (#11947)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_32.md

#### Scripts
##### DeleteContext

> - Fixed an issue where unrelated data stored in indicator InsightCache when using **KeysToKeep** to keep DBotScore data in the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where unrelated data was stored in the indicator InsightCache while using **KeysToKeep** in order to keep DBotScore data in the context.
```

Author: done
